Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Let me go. Tony. for Pete's sake.
Mr. Pete. you decide.
How to handle her?
Only Dad gets
to decide her future!
Sit.
You gave your word. Jaggu.
But three years just flew by.
and you still couldn't find
a single match for my grandson!
Excuse me? I showed you
three hundred girls in three years.
You rejected them
over family details or even their diet!
And the few you actually liked?
They vanished into thin air!
These modern girls
don't want to live in a extended family.
We're not looking
for that kind of girl.
Jaggu. give it one more shot.
There has to be someone.
Speak up.
There is.
She ticks every box.
Beautiful. educated.
and totally okay
with a big extended family.
But... there's a tiny catch.
What catch?
First. take a look at her picture.
Here.
Check this. Tony.
She's Kanika Ahuja.
From Greater Kailash.
Do you know her?
Yeah. we were in the same college.
Perfect!
Then it's settled.
They already know each other!
I know her. Mom.
She doesn't know me.
She was a medical student.
And you?
I was an Arts student.
Ah. a classic one-sided love story.
So what's the problem now?
The "problem" is
she first wants
to know the groom's family
and marry after two years.
Two years?!
Say yes to her terms.
and we'll get them engaged right away.
But he's already three years late.
Two more years...
Relax. Grandpa.
Three years flew by.
Two more won't hurt.
If Tony's made up his mind.
let's go ahead with the engagement.
♪ A glimpse of her ♪
♪ Just a glimpse of her ♪
♪ Just one glimpse ♪
♪ Feels like heaven itself ♪
♪ Wherever she steps ♪
♪ It's like roses bloom in her path ♪
♪ Yes. roses bloom. my love ♪
♪ wherever she steps ♪
♪ Your wish is my command ♪
♪ If you ever look away
I swear I'd die ♪
♪ I'd break my fast seeing your face ♪
♪ You're on my mind all day long ♪
♪ Nothing else feels special
When you're around ♪
♪ Even the city looks more beautiful ♪
♪ Roses bloom. my love ♪
♪ Wherever she steps ♪
♪ Yes. roses bloom wherever she steps ♪
Grandpa's coming too. Let's go!
Why don't you want to go?
It's getting late.
Tony.
Hurry up. dear. It's getting late.
Grandma is getting married!
Mr. Ahuja's mother must
be well past seventy.
The granddaughter's getting engaged
and Grandma's tying the knot!
What has the world come to?
Grandma's wedding.
She also posted it on social media.
No shame at all.
Mom's phone is unreachable.
Naag isn't picking up. Idiot.
Call Sunaina.
Sunaina is his younger sister.
I don't have Sunaina's number.
You don't have your sister's number?
What kind of a brother are you!
This must be a misunderstanding.
You should clear up this misunderstanding.
Keep it clear.
Stay in cheer.
If your mother gets married.
then my grandson Tony
will not marry your daughter.
See you. God bless.
Come on.
He's a weird guy. this Naagendra.
Never picks up his phone.
Here.
Who else can I call in Shimla?
Mom's phone is still turned off.
She is unbelievable.
Where did you go
during the engagement?
I just went to the bathroom. Dad.
And you took the iPad along?
Who does that?
That's the problem with you.
You always target someone else
for others' mistakes.
Our daughter's engagement was called off
because of your mom's decision.
And this will also affect Bittu's future.
Mom. relax.
We'll find someone else.
Someone who's okay with
Grandma getting married.
Keep quiet.
Did anyone ask you?
At least she has opinions.
You're not thinking clearly.
Can you stop taking digs at me?
My mom's getting married. not me!
Honestly. it should've been you instead.
I would be free by now.
Don't you...
Naag is calling.
Naag... which phone do you have?
It's an iPhone 16 Pro Max
Titanium Grey 1 TB.
It's useless. You never pick up.
If I'm dying on the streets.
you still won't pick up.
Don't be so negative. Brother.
A guy could be busy.
Recently finished the township project.
and flew to Uttarakhand
to get Mother Goddess's blessing.
So. what happened?
Look at mom's Facelook status.
What happened. Naag?
Hello. sir.
- Greetings.
- God bless.
- Tony?
- Hello.
Bless you. son.
Tony. what brings you here?
I came here to apologize
for what grandpa said yesterday...
What your grandpa said was right. Tony.
If Kannu's grandma goes through with this.
we won't be able to
show our faces in public!
Have you spoken to anyone?
We can't reach her.
so we're going to Shimla to see her.
I see. Okay. fine.
How are you guys traveling?
We'll take a train to Chandigarh.
My younger brother lives there.
Then we'll travel by road to Shimla.
Did you buy tickets?
We'll buy them at the station.
I'll drop you off at the station.
Don't trouble yourself.
We're close. It's no trouble.
- Come on. Come on. sir. Just come.
- Doesn't feel right.
Ma'am. Sir.
You are good to go.
The train departs from Platform 4.
I'll park the car.
And don't buy any tickets.
I already bought them online.
Oh...
Come on.
Oh. God.
- What happened?
- I mistakenly booked an extra ticket.
Not to worry.
It's a crime to travel without a ticket.
It's okay if you buy a ticket
and don't travel.
The ticket will go to waste.
Why will it go to waste?
I'll go with you to Chandigarh.
My friend lives there.
I will surprise him.
He will be really happy.
Thanks for coming with us. Tony.
At least we'll have some fun company.
Want a candy. Bittu?
Yes! Give me one!
Let's buy one in Chandigarh.
We'll get better ones there.
The internet has spoiled
everyone's habits. sir.
Yeah...
Our grandpa never bought us iPads.
They didn't exist back then.
True.
Kannu.
Tony.
Where does your friend live in Chandigarh?
Monty?
- He lives in a house.
- Oh...
- Doesn't he go to his sweet shop?
- A sweet shop?
A doctor's friend is a doctor.
A teacher's friend is a teacher.
So a sweet maker's friend must
also be a sweet maker. right?
We are not sweet makers.
Kalra Sweets is a brand.
We have 17 outlets in Delhi.
We just opened a new one in Shahdara.
And before our wedding.
we'll launch one in Dubai too.
But if my grandma
gets married. that plan is off.
So tell me. what are your intentions?
Hey. easy.
My intentions are pure. Always have been.
What do you think about
your grandma's marriage?
Tony. if my grandma
wants to get married.
no grandpa in the world can stop her.
Bittu!
Uncle! Aunt!
Hello.
- Greetings. Brother!
- Greetings.
Greetings. Sister-in-law!
- Kannu!
- How are you?
- Greetings. Brother-in-law.
- Bless you.
Are those for offering?
Fenugreek Laddu.
Good for blood pressure.
I've already given
him three since morning.
Sister-in-law. you also have one.
- Thank you.
- Leave it. Baby.
Greetings!
- Bittu. let's load the luggage.
- Yes.
Bobby!
- Who is this?
- Aunt!
Yes. I'll tell you later.
Where's Bobby?
Hey. Uncle! Aunt!
Hello. son.
- Bobby! What's up?
- What's up!
Enough with that.
Wake up and drive the car.
You drive. He's tired.
I drove all night. and he's tired?
People do get tired during travel.
Go lie down in the backseat. son.
Then who's driving the Volvo. Brother?
Don't worry. I'll drive.
You? How will you drive?
Doesn't your friend live here...
Friends can wait.
First. we go to Shimla
and sort out the family issue.
Everything else can follow.
Family comes first. right. sir?
Give me the keys. Come on.
Family?
Why so friendly?
Kannu got engaged.
and we weren't even invited?
It all happened just two days ago.
We didn't get time make calls.
You could've at least messaged.
Why complain about something
that didn't even happen. Aunt?
The engagement has been called off.
But a bond has been formed. Kannu.
The wedding is right around the corner.
And the Kalras are
definitely inviting you too. sir.
Which Kalra family?
Me. Myself. Tony Kalra.
And soon. Kannu will be part of it too.
As Kannu Kalra.
But if grandma gets married
then she stays Kannu Ahuja.
Exactly.
Son. if Mom gets married.
none of us will be Ahujas anymore.
Everyone's last name will change.
Jeevan?
Naag?
Daughter-in-law?
Grandma!
Suddenly?
Kannu!
Come in!
Why is your phone turned off. Mom?
We've been trying since yesterday.
It wasn't charged.
There was no electricity
in Shimla for two days.
It's been waiting for you all.
just like me.
Should I make tea or some snacks first?
- Nothing for me.
- Grandma!
Something like...
Bhurji Paratha?
- Nothing. thanks.
- I want the Siddu you make.
Siddu.
- Or Paneer Makhani?
- Paneer Makhani. it is.
My. how you've grown. child.
- Greetings.
- Bless you.
- Keep it over there.
- Okay.
Grandma. were you
playing cricket at night?
Who plays cricket alone?
Now that you're here.
we'll play together.
Done!
Grandma. don't you have Wi-Fi?
I'll get one if you all stay longer.
By the way. how long are you staying?
Till the wedding. Grandma.
I didn't recognize you.
- I...
- He's Tony Kalra. Mom.
Kannu's fiancé.
- Grandson-in-law is here.
- Hello.
You should've told me earlier.
I would've made proper arrangements.
I'll be back in a minute.
"Grandson-in-law". More like a forced one.
Mom. where should I keep this setup?
In Dad's room upstairs.
Why are you standing quietly?
Ask your mom.
How can I...
Naag.
you ask.
She's your mom.
And yours too.
You're the eldest.
Is it my fault I'm older?
You've been saying that since childhood!
Feels strange
asking my own mom about her marriage.
Feels awkward.
Mother-in-law announced it
on Facelook for the whole world...
And you feel awkward asking?
Wait till you have to perform
your mom's wedding rituals.
Then you'll know what awkward means.
Honestly. sir.
there is no wedding vibe here.
Don't judge by appearances. Tony.
We thought you'd just drop us
at the station and leave...
But you came all the way to Shimla.
Destiny. Kannu.
Bless you. son.
May you always stay happy.
No need for this. ma'am.
It's a blessing. Keep it.
Thank you. ma'am.
I was shocked to see all of you together.
Mom
didn't you even... think once...
Think what?
Brother means...
You...
What do you want to ask?
Grandma. are you getting married?
We'll talk in the morning.
You've all had a long journey.
Get some rest.
No one's sleeping tonight. ma'am.
They gathered a lot
of courage to ask you.
So... are you really getting married?
Yes.
- What!
- Yes. I am getting married.
- Mom...
We'll continue this in the morning.
I'm very sleepy.
You all get some rest. Goodnight.
- Mother-in-law...
- Mom...
- We'll talk tomorrow.
- Mother-in-law...
Mom...
Congratulations. Grandma.
But you could've told me.
I've been in touch with you regularly.
Liking posts and dropping comments
on Facelook is not "keeping in touch".
Even you didn't tell me
about your engagement.
I didn't get engaged. Grandma.
It was called off right
after your wedding news.
What do you mean?
Don't worry. Grandma.
I never wanted to get married anyway.
I said yes
because Mom and Dad insisted.
- I even added the two-year condition.
- Why?
I don't want to live in India.
There's nothing here for me.
No job opportunities. no freedom
honestly. nothing.
Grandma. I want to settle
in New Zealand. Permanently.
I've already applied
for my dream job there.
And what about Tony?
- What about him?
- He'll marry someone else.
But I'm so happy for you.
By the way. what exactly
did you write on Facelook?
Ratna's daughter was getting married.
so I posted...
"Himani getting married. feeling happy."
Auto-correct turned it into...
"Hi. I am getting married.
feeling happy."
Fine. they misunderstood.
But why didn't you correct it?
What would've happened
if you had told them the truth?
They would've left immediately.
Everything else in their lives
matters more than their mother.
They all showed up together
after seven years
and didn't even tell Vimla
about Kannu's engagement.
So when they asked.
I just said I was getting married.
At least this way.
they'll stay with me for a few days.
But what's the point?
Even if they stay.
they'll look at you with resentment.
Let them.
At least they'll be in front of my eyes.
That's enough for me.
Even if we argue
a mother's life is about being
around her children.
Hi. beautiful ladies.
I hope that flippant trips and falls.
Tony...
I feel terrible.
Your marriage got canceled
because of his mother.
Please apologize to your grandpa
on our behalf.
Enough with the apologies. Tony.
Give us a plan.
Try emotional blackmailing.
She's a mother. she'll melt.
Remind her of old memories.
Use your father as leverage.
Use who as leverage. Tony?
Breakfast. ma'am.
Serve her breakfast.
Did you all sleep well last night?
Yes. Mom.
- No. Mom...
- Why?
Dad visited me in my dream.
Did he?
He seemed upset about your remarriage.
- Are you serious?
- Yes.
- You really saw him?
No wonder he didn't visit me in my dream.
Your father is unbelievable.
Till yesterday.
he was excited about my wedding.
He even suggested
I wear pink for the ceremony.
Don't worry. I'll deal with him tonight
when he visits me in my dream again.
Good morning. everyone.
Does this sound funny to you. Mom?
Kannu's engagement
was called off because of you.
That's Tony's loss.
Kannu won't run out of proposals.
We'll find someone better.
Sure.
You can give this gift
to that "better" guy.
What will I do with it?
Never return a gift.
Use it to buy a ticket back home.
But the ticket is just 350 rupees.
That's fine. He can use
the rest to buy snacks for the journey.
Excuse me.
Mother-in-law.
is this the age to get married?
Age is just a number.
I look a couple of years
younger than you.
Mom.
don't you care what people will say?
Son.
as children. we don't know
what people think of us.
When we're young.
we don't care what they think.
And in our old age. we realize
they're not thinking about us at all.
Vietnam?
How did you end up there?
My friends threw a party
for me for getting engaged.
And I thought.
why waste the tickets?
So I went along.
Take care.
You too. Grandpa.
I'll be back in a couple of days.
See you soon.
Sorry. Tony.
I don't know what's gotten into Mom.
She isn't ready to listen.
She'll listen.
I'm sure.
But first. we need to talk to your dad.
How do we talk to Dad?
He's in heaven...
Not that one.
The one who popped up
during the engagement...
On the iPad.
We need to find out who he is.
Then we'll show him who we are.
Who are we?
You're an Ahuja
not for long if he succeeds.
Let's find him.
Let's talk some sense into him.
No sugarcoating.
No sugarcoating?
Should we stop his sugar supply?
Is he for real?
Will you just be quiet? I'm talking.
A smart man is explaining something.
Try using your brain.
What are you staring at?
Over there. in the garden. Sister.
They're plotting something.
And 80 percent of crimes
are committed by lovers.
Shut up.
Lead the way. Tony. We've got your back.
You lead. I've got your back.
Why me?
Your mother.
your daughter.
your son-in-law. so you should lead.
She's my mother too.
You can lead as well.
Who's stopping you?
Naag. you don't know
how to talk to people.
So better stay quiet.
What are you doing. Kannu?
Someone might see us.
Hey. shut up.
What were you planning
with Dad and Uncle?
Planning?
Nothing much.
I was thinking of heading back...
But dad said... Your dad... He said
I should stay one more day. so I agreed.
And what will you do?
Spend time with your dad and uncle.
No
Not with them.
Spend time with me.
It's your last day here.
I'll take you sightseeing in Shimla.
Wow. why not?
Our first outing together.
And the last.
- What?
- Nothing. Let's go.
Mom...
By the way.
who are you marrying?
You'll find out soon enough.
For now.
you've come to Shimla after so long.
go enjoy. do some sightseeing.
♪ Hear me out. I place my heart ♪
♪ At your service. my love ♪
♪ It won't stop pleading. my love ♪
♪ It longs to be yours forever ♪
♪ Down the lanes of love it wanders ♪
♪ With no thought of turning back ♪
♪ Lost in love completely ♪
♪ Live in every breath I take ♪
♪ In every beat of my heart ♪
♪ Let me bring you tokens of love ♪
♪ Every single day. without fail ♪
♪ Like the breeze that finds the flowers ♪
♪ That's how I want you to reach me ♪
♪ Down the lanes of love it wanders ♪
♪ With no thought of turning back ♪
♪ Lost in love completely ♪
♪ With your magic words ♪
♪ Make me sway to your rhythm ♪
♪ With just a hint from you ♪
♪ Send me spinning in love ♪
♪ My love ♪
♪ The heart is innocent ♪
♪ Handle it with care ♪
♪ Down the lanes of love it wanders ♪
♪ With no thought of turning back ♪
♪ Lost in love completely ♪
Tony. I never saw you in college.
But I saw you every day.
The entire college would look at me.
And Sahil Sharma used
to stare so hard.
Sahil Sharma
from the Commerce Department?
You remember him?
He spread a rumor
that you and he were dating.
That rascal.
You know what?
He once wrote a love letter
to the principal's daughter.
And the principal threw
him out the very next day.
- Really?
- Karma. Tony.
He messed with Kannu Ahuja.
Do you really think Sahil
was dumb enough for that?
To write a letter
to the principal's daughter?
- What do you mean?
- I mean... it wasn't Karma. Kannu.
It was Kalra.
Myself. Tony Kalra.
You wrote those letters?
He was ruining your reputation.
I couldn't take it.
I...
Here you go.
No...
Four... five... six...
Mom.
we're leaving.
What happened. Dad?
We're going back to Delhi.
Why? What happened?
If we don't even deserve to know
who our mother is marrying.
why should we stay here?
At least introduce him to us. Grandma.
The sooner they meet him.
the sooner they'll get used
to calling him "Dad". Right?
This is pointless. Tony.
Pack your bags.
Come. Kannu. Come on. Bittu.
Come on. son. Let's go.
- Hello. Shakti.
- Vimla. who are you marrying?
At least tell your children.
How do you know?
Your kids came to me
looking for their "father".
I don't know what to do.
Just tell them his name.
What name should I tell them?
What?
Have you lost your mind?
We'll have to introduce him too.
We'll introduce them.
Tell them the name
and say you'll introduce them tomorrow.
Okay.
Dad.
Yes.
You all go ahead.
I'll come later.
What does that even mean?
No arguments.
Pack your bags.
We're going back to Delhi.
Jeevan!
Naag!
Romal!
Baby!
I know
you're upset with me.
but I won't do anything
to embarrass you.
Soon
you'll understand.
Anyway
you want to know
your future father's name.
His name is.
Captain Adivishnu Reddy.
Captain...
Adivishnu...
Reddy.
According to me.
life becomes beautiful with three C's.
Three C's?
Confidence. Carefulness. Cleverness.
These are the pillars of my life.
But shouldn't there be four?
I am the fourth C.
Captain.
Tell Ms. Vimla not to worry.
Adivishnu is with her.
- Adivishnu.
- Yes.
- Be at Vimla's house...
- Okay.
- Today at eight.
- I'll be there.
And remember.
you've known her for six months.
Ms. Shakti. don't worry.
Tell Ms. Vimla
with confidence. carefulness
and cleverness.
I'll handle everything.
Okay. Thank you!
You're dealing with...
Captain Adivishnu Reddy.
- Thank you. sir. Thank you.
- Don't worry.
Thank you.
Okay.
- You came on this?
- Bye.
Yes. Another C in my life.
Cycle. A bicycle.
- Oh. my God.
The guy is coming tonight.
and you're sitting here eating Paratha.
Even if I were eating there.
he would still come.
Relax. Eat.
I can't relax.
My chest feels weird.
Like palpitations.
It's just your imagination.
Take deep breaths.
The rabbit is entering the lion's den.
- Exactly.
- The rabbit should be scared.
not the lion.
What's going on?
Do you want a paratha?
- No.
- Why?
- I just don't.
- Have some tea.
- Not now.
- Fine. sit.
I don't want to. Don't force me.
How is the paratha?
Amazing. ma'am. Loved them.
Aren't you leaving for Delhi today?
Should I pack some for the road?
It's a long journey.
You'll feel hungry on the way.
No. ma'am.
I don't eat while traveling.
- Why?
- I feel sick.
- Ma'am. how are you?
- I'm good. Gaggu. You?
I'm great. How are you?
I'm good. Gaggu.
Please install the Wi-Fi quickly.
The kids are getting restless.
Yes. ma'am. The technician is here.
He's checking the wiring.
It will be installed by today evening.
- Are you sure?
- Yes.
Gaggu!
Kannu!
How are you?
I'm good.
Who's he?
Gaggu.
Kannu's childhood friend.
He runs a big cable business.
Such a nice guy.
Mr. Ahuja.
The guy is coming tonight.
and you're just eating paratha over here.
Even if I were eating there.
he'd still come.
This isn't the time to argue. sir.
We need to deal with him.
Our common enemy.
We will. at the right time.
That "right time" never comes.
Times are bad already.
The cable guys are driving BMWs.
How will things be right?
We must stop him from coming here.
How do we find one man in Shimla?
Sir.
How many South Indians live in Shimla?
And how many are named Adivishnu Reddy?
And how many are retired army officers?
And how many are captains?
What are you getting at?
Come with me.
I know exactly
where to find him.
My jinx worked.
He's broken his knee.
It'll take at least a month
for Mr. C to recover.
Vimla ji. no problem.
I'll visit your house in a month.
What now?
Those who challenge storms
don't look good falling off bicycles
and breaking their legs.
You're not setting
a good example. Captain.
I'll send your lunch and clothes
through Fateh.
- You take good rest.
- Thank you.
- Bye.
- Thank you. ladies. Bye.
He's a retired colonel.
Mr. Theeran Devarajan from Chennai.
From 1971 to 1999.
his bravery was talked about
in every war.
After retirement.
he visits Shimla every year.
He stays at my house.
Mr. Theeran Devarajan.
Yes.
I'm Shakti Kapoor.
This is Malhotra. Chauhan and Vimla.
We need a small favor.
Go ahead.
If Mr. Adivishnu Reddy
doesn't meet Vimla's children today.
they'll all leave.
If you could pretend for a few days...
Sorry. ma'am.
I can't do this.
These 15 days are all I get a year
when I come to Shimla for some "me time".
I don't want to ruin them.
And honestly.
I don't feel comfortable lying.
I hate lies.
I'm really sorry.
Excuse me.
Mr. Theeran...
I hate lies too.
But not more
than I love my children.
At least you get some "me time".
I spend the whole year alone.
I have a lot of "me time"
but no "mom time".
I am a mother after all.
So yes. I got selfish.
And I lied.
Anyway… thank you.
- Fateh.
- Yes. sir.
- Prepare food for Mr. Reddy.
- Yes.
And pack some clothes.
Okay.
- I'll get it. You carry on.
- Thanks.
Yes? Can I help you?
Captain Adivishnu Reddy?
- I...
- Have you no shame?
At this age. you should be retiring.
not romancing our mother.
Who are you?
We are Vimla Ahuja's children.
the one you're fooling.
thinking she is alone.
You've got it all wrong.
We've got it wrong?
No. what you're doing is wrong.
This will bring disgrace.
We have a reputation. a social standing.
Everything will be ruined.
Listen. Captain.
Don't come to our house tonight.
End this madness.
Leave our mother alone and walk away.
So we can go back.
We have businesses worth crores on hold.
If I see you near my mother again...
Wait. sir.
Let me speak.
Listen. Captain.
Stay away from their family.
Because now their family
is protected by Tony Kalra.
Tony Kalra who?
Me. Myself. Tony Kalra.
Tony Kalra won't stand it if someone
snatches a toy from a Kalra kid.
And you're trying
to take away their mother.
Think about the consequences.
You'll be running for your life. Captain.
And running in the hills isn't easy.
Roads have ups and down.
you'll be gasping for breath.
Do you understand?
I hope you understood.
I made a mistake.
I completely understood.
- Thank you.
- Bye.
Thank you. sir.
Nice. old boy.
Let's go.
- Did you see my temper?
- Let's go.
- Sir.
- Yes?
- Good thing he got scared easily.
- Right.
I was feeling slightly awkward
because of his age.
No. you were right.
No need to feel awkward.
You were spot on.
In fact. if he hadn't agreed.
I had some lines which I had rehearsed.
- What lines?
- The lines were...
"My name is Jeevan. which means life."
"To save his family's honor.
Jeevan can give his life
and also..."
Take one!
What a dialogue. Brother!
- Congratulations!
- Why are you shouting?
Sorry. guys.
We won't need it anymore.
No more.
What next. sir? What do we do now?
What will we do?
We leave for Delhi tomorrow.
Engagement in the evening.
Wedding in two days.
But Kannu asked for two years.
No waiting.
I've found a perfect son-in-law.
I'm not waiting two years.
Thank you. sir.
Soon. Very soon.
Love you. son.
Tony... you're a gem.
Come on.
Cheers.
We solved a big problem today.
But remember one thing. Mr. Naag.
Don't let Ms. Vimla know
we threatened Reddy.
It gives off a sketchy vibe.
Who will tell her?
Only we know.
And Reddy must be halfway
to Kanpur by now.
But Kanpur isn't
on the way to Chennai.
Doesn't matter.
At least he's out of our lives.
Naag. Jeevan. Tony. Come.
Careful.
Where were you all?
Let me introduce you.
Captain Adivishnu Reddy.
Hello. boys.
We've met before.
Where?
In the last six months.
Vimla told me so much about her family.
I feel like I know you all.
But Mr. Tony met Grandma
just two days ago.
But I know him.
Kalra Sweets. 17 outlets.
And his wedding got canceled
because of us.
Have you fixed a wedding date?
- The twenty-forth.
- The twenty-forth?
That's four days away.
Too soon?
Four days is perfect for me.
Don't worry. Grandpa.
I'll handle everything.
Four days are more than enough.
She needs two years
for her own wedding
but four days are enough
to plan his wedding.
Let's keep it simple.
You all are here. that's enough.
You're right.
Enjoy your mom time.
Call me if needed.
- I'm just a call away.
- Thank you.
Okay. I'll take your leave.
- I'll see you out...
- No. stay seated. ma'am.
We'll see him off.
- Please come. sir.
- Okay.
- Bye.
Bye.
- Bye. Grandpa.
- Bye.
Welcome. sir.
The guest is God.
I forgot to tell you something.
I'll say it now.
Listen to it carefully.
My name is Jeevan...
And for my family's honor...
What was it?
"I can give my life and take one too."
Yes.
I can give my life.
and give my life...
No. wrong.
Take a life.
Yes.
I can give my life
and also take a life.
My name is Naag.
When I strike.
people don't even ask for water.
Then what do they ask for?
Hello. Constable.
Don't joke about him.
You've retired from the army.
not from romance.
Tom Cruise.
We also have grandparents at home.
But they don't behave like this.
You're from Delhi?
Yes.
Our blood doesn't flow.
it storms through our veins.
And Delhi people explain
in two ways.
First.
politely.
Like I explained in the morning.
What's the second?
Secondly...
Violence.
Naag.
Mommy!
Mommy! Mommy...
Brother...
Have a good day. sir.
Sir...
Sir
the main party has left.
No issue between us.
You're the son-in-law
of this family. so am I.
Let's have a drink.
Just a little...
It's in the trunk. Not too far.
Look. Tony Kalra.
don't anger me again.
My eyes see as much red
as the one pumps through your veins.
Yes. Major.
And remember.
You're from Delhi.
but I belong to all of India.
Goodnight. General.
Kannu. once the candles are set.
it'll look beautiful.
I have a question...
why haven't you left yet?
Your grandpa said he would feel bad
if I didn't attend the wedding.
So I stayed back.
What do you think about
my future grandpa?
He's amazing.
Last night. he put his hand
on my shoulder and said.
"Love doesn't run in veins.
it shines through the eyes."
What a romantic gentleman he is!
He even said.
"You're the son-in-law. so am I."
Wanted to drink together.
but I said I didn't drink.
You couldn't even stand last night.
Was that lime water?
"I don't drink."
Happy...
Get four more candles.
What do you want?
What are you doing. Tony?
Something I should've done earlier.
Jeevan?
Look. Tony.
We need each other right now.
I needed you too
when you ran away last night.
Did you think then?
They did. that's why they ran.
Baby. leave it.
Tony. forgive us.
Please don't be upset.
Here.
grandma's wedding schedule.
Sister Kannu sent it for review.
Did you raise him just
to deliver bad news?
Here... your mother's wedding schedule.
Check it properly.
Don't miss out on any event.
We welcome you to the wedding
of Ms. Vimla Ahuja.
resident of Anand Cottage. Mashobra.
with Captain Adivishnu Reddy.
resident of Kala-Kavita Kunj. Sanjauli.
- Here is the...
- Wait. ma'am.
Take it.
I'll be back.
Hey...
Why did he run away after seeing the iPad?
Why do you keep bringing this
in front of everyone?
Where is Tony?
He's not even answering his phone.
- What did he see on the iPad?
- I don't know.
Wow.
The house looks beautiful
after so long.
When was the last time?
Twenty years ago.
At Naagendra's wedding.
Did you do all this. Kannu?
Tony helped me.
But where is Tony?
He must be around here somewhere.
I don't see him.
Good evening.
Where are you coming from. Tony?
Ma'am. I went to bring
a special guest.
Come. madam.
Let me introduce you
this is Mrs. Kavita Reddy.
Captain Adivishnu Reddy's second wife.
Second wife?
Yes. His first wife was
Mrs. Kalavathi Reddy.
After her demise. he remarried to her
and renamed his house
from Kala Kunj to Kala-Kavita Kunj.
What are you trying to say. Tony?
I'm saying
the Captain is fooling us.
Without divorcing Ms. Kavita.
he's marrying our grandma a second time...
Sorry. make that the third time.
But how can he do something like that?
Reddy can do anything.
He's always chasing other women
instead of being with his wife.
More active on dating apps
than at home.
Goes to Bangkok.
saying he's going to Bengaluru.
I've even seen him flirting
with mannequins at sari stores.
He's already ruined my life.
I won't let him ruin another.
I won't spare him.
See you.
Thank you. ma'am.
Grandma. Grandpa is here.
I mean that man is here.
Good evening. everyone.
Looks like you were waiting for me.
To tell you your truth is out.
What do you mean?
Your wife was here.
Which wife?
He has so many wives.
he doesn't even know
which one came.
Did you name your house
after your neighbors?
You almost trapped our mother-in-law.
Thanks to Tony.
who saved our reputation
from getting maligned.
I swear. if it weren't for your age...
Naag. stop.
Don't say anything to him.
- You don't know...
- Vimla.
Let them speak.
There's nothing left to say. Mr. Reddy.
Before I call the police.
please leave.
Please leave.
Everyone. let's go inside. Come on.
- Captain.
- Let's go.
Mom. you too.
Please come inside.
Do you know. Captain
my grandma passed away
more than 25 years ago.
But whenever my grandpa
looks at her photo.
it feels like she's still there.
Still around.
And your wife lives
just two kilometers away
and you...
Shame on you. Captain.
I'm sorry. Mr. Theeran.
You had to go through
so much because of me.
No. no. Ms. Vimla.
It's my fault too.
I should've thought
about the complications
that come with the name Adivishnu.
But wouldn't it have been better
if I had told everyone the truth?
You will tell the truth.
but this isn't the right time.
Your four days of "mom time"
aren't over yet.
Let's make the children stay
for two more days.
And if anyone wants to leave.
we'll let them go.
Careful. son. Careful.
Bobby.
Come. Kannu. Let me carry that.
- Thanks.
- You're welcome.
Not for the bags.
It's for saving my grandma.
It's okay. Kannu ji.
We're family after all.
You're right. Tony.
It was always about family.
I'm really sorry
about what happened last night.
It's okay. What's done is done.
At least we got
to meet you. Mother-in-law.
Come along.
Yes. ma'am. The engagement is on Sunday.
You should come.
Are you sure you'll get engaged?
Which of you is Mr. Tony Kalra?
I am Tony Kalra.
You are under arrest.
But... what did I do?
Mr. Tony tried to defame me
in front of my future family.
And he hurt the sentiments
of my late wife. Kavita Reddy.
Late wife?
Then who was that woman yesterday?
That was her.
She is Kavita Reddy.
Tell them.
My name is not Kavita Reddy.
- It's Sunita Verman.
- What...
And Mr. Tony Kalra forced Sunita
to pretend to be Kavita
by bribing her
with one hundred thousand rupees.
I gave her one hundred thousand rupees?
Great.
Confession before arraignment.
Wise man.
Say something. Mr. Ahuja.
You know everything.
How would I know?
You told us the whole story.
We trusted you. Tony.
But you broke our trust by lying.
- No. ma'am...
- And yes.
No one leaves Shimla
without my permission.
Why us?
I may need your statements.
I haven't done anything. Mrs. Ahuja
this woman is lying.
- Come on. let's go.
- Why are you lying?
- Come on. Mr. Tony.
- You used to be Kavita Reddy.
- Tony. let's go.
- I haven't done anything.
Let's go.
- Mr. Ahuja.
- Move.
Tony Kalra...
Kannu. she's lying.
I never thought you'd stoop so low
for your own benefit.
You know what?
I never even wanted to marry you.
I only agreed
because my parents insisted.
Now just get lost.
And don't ever show me your face again.
- Let's go.
- Come on.
Come on.
- Don't just stand there. help us.
- Tony's luggage...
Leave it.
Give us a hand.
- Sunaina.
- Mom.
Sunaina
my child.
- Mom. why were the police here?
- Leave it.
Avni...
- You've grown up so much.
- Hello. Aunt.
Hello. Aunt.
- This is Bobby and Bittu.
- Hello.
Let's go inside.
These are your older and younger uncles.
and these are your aunts.
- Hi.
Her smile is just like her grandma.
Come on. let's go inside.
How are you. Brother?
We're good.
- How are you. Sunaina?
- I'm good.
- Looking lovely.
- Thank you.
Singapore really suits you.
Aunt Sunaina...
How are you. Kannu?
I'm very good. How are you?
Come inside. Come fast.
Here comes Mom's real daughter.
Now she'll do exactly
what we don't want.
At least whatever she does
will be her own choice.
What about Tony. Brother?
Forget about Tony.
Let's deal with her first.
So. Mr. Kalra...
Write. "Lying is a sin."
A thousand times.
I didn't lie. sir.
Five thousand times.
Sir. that lady claimed...
Ten thousand times.
Anything else?
Can I get a pen?
Pen.
Here you go. sir.
He'll never change.
And if I divorce him.
he'll ruin someone else's life.
You see. Mr. Theeran.
not every story has a happy ending.
But with what you're doing.
I'm sure this one will have one.
Of course. Ms. Kavita.
After all. Colonel sir
is handling everything.
Everything will be fine.
That's the problem.
These days. relationships
are treated like situations.
We use our brains
where we should use our hearts.
Tony is a bit cocky
but he's not a bad person.
Let him go soon.
That depends on his writing speed. sir.
So...
Okay. Thank you.
- Come. Ms. Kavita.
- Thanks. Mr. Azad.
Vimla.
your whole family
is here together today.
Credit goes to you. Reddy ji.
I'm so happy.
I can see that
from the glow on your face.
Grandpa... that glow is because of you.
Quiet. you naughty.
Look. Mr. Reddy...
I can't speak for everyone. But...
I hope Mom
has chosen the right person.
I'm happy for you. guys.
But to avoid any complications
after marriage...
So.
I'd want you to sign these papers.
What is this?
These are the property deeds. Mom.
The property in your name
is worth 80 million rupees.
The property is split equally
between you and us kids.
So each of us gets 20 million rupees.
I want my share now.
Otherwise. later
things might get complicated.
I knew it.
She wouldn't come to
Shimla without an agenda.
What agenda. Jeevan?
She's not saying anything wrong.
She's talking about her rights.
Yes. Mr. Reddy.
People may say anything.
but I've done my duty.
So I've come to claim my rights.
What duties are you talking about?
Last year. for the apple farm infestation.
I sent 1.2 million rupees for pesticides.
I send 20.000 rupees every month to Mom.
Right. Mom?
That's 240.000 rupees a year.
- What are you...
- Quiet. Absolutely quiet.
The elders are talking.
Take the kids inside.
Do I need to say it twice?
Go.
Now... what were you saying about duties?
You're going to lecture us on duties?
Mom's health insurance.
medicines. house maintenance...
I handle everything.
I'm the eldest. and I've
never run away from my responsibilities.
But I never came asking
for my rights like you.
Last year. I organized
two big family rituals.
Cost me nearly 400.000 rupees.
I never even mentioned it to anyone.
Why are you telling me all this?
You're her sons. It's your duty.
Yes. it's our duty as sons.
but what did you do?
What's your duty?
You got married
and left home without telling anyone.
We were humiliated everywhere.
Mom pampered you too much. otherwise...
You didn't even think about her.
I did. Brother.
Two years ago.
when the back wall collapsed in the rain.
I sent 75.000 rupees.
So what? Mom went to Mahakumbh.
I sent 31.000 rupees for the tickets
and 51.000 for a donation.
Mahakumbh.
A few months ago.
Mom's old car broke down.
I got it repaired
so she wouldn't have to walk.
It cost around 38.700 rupees.
I never told anyone.
Mom was sick. She was hospitalized.
She needed weekly injections.
Each injection cost 5.000 rupees.
Five thousand rupees. Do you understand?
I had just got a job.
I didn't have money.
I took a loan.
and repaid it for three years.
Three years. Do you even know that?
Jeevan. please...
Let's talk peacefully.
Peacefully?
Then you should talk.
I'm the crazy one.
I don't know anything.
I'm always wrong.
I'm the crazy one. I'm always wrong.
- Jeevan...
- I am the stupid one.
- Listen to me...
- No one wants to listen to me.
- Jeevan...
- She's right.
Go ahead. do what she says.
- At least listen to me.
- Baby.
Baby!
See. this is what I meant
by complications.
Anyway. the papers are ready.
Please go through them.
I don't know what's happening
to relationships these days.
Not to all the relationships.
Just to blood ties.
Done. sir.
May I leave?
- Of course.
- Thank you.
By the way. sir
believe it or not.
it was Ms. Kavita who lied.
not me.
It doesn't matter whether you lied or not.
What matters is
whether that lie was told for yourself
or for your loved ones.
Great... this is delicious.
Really.
Tony is calling.
What's up. my prince? Where are you?
I'm fine. Grandpa.
I wanted to tell you something.
I lied to you
for selfish reasons.
What happened. dear?
I'm not in Vietnam. I'm in Shimla.
Please find it in your heart
to forgive me. Grandpa.
It won't happen again.
I'm coming home.
I never imagined
I'd have to lie just to keep
my children with me
for a few more days.
This whole wedding story began
when I attended Himani's wedding.
My post was misunderstood...
First by Facelook.
then by all of you.
After so many years.
seeing all of you at my doorstep
I got emotional.
And I lied
just to spend a little more time with you.
But that lie taught me something...
A mother doesn't have desires
only duties.
She gives birth.
teaches her children to speak
teaches them to walk.
and then waits for them
when they walk too far away.
Even if that wait lasts forever.
a mother has no right to complain.
I wasted everyone's precious time
for my own selfish wish.
Please... find it in your hearts
to forgive your selfish mother.
This letter wasn't meant for you. Tony.
This letter was meant also for me. ma'am.
Because. even if it wasn't intentional.
I lied to Grandpa and hurt him.
The only difference here is that
I lied for myself.
and you lied for your family.
Give me a chance to make things right
by helping you. ma'am.
What's the point?
It's all over.
But it's not the end. ma'am.
We'll take care of everything.
This is beyond taking care of.
Their feelings are dead.
Feelings never die. Ms. Vimla.
Sometimes they are overpowered by greed.
Vimla. your children have lost their way.
They'll understand if we guide
them back on the right path.
Give us two days. ma'am. Only two days.
What will change in two days?
In two days. night turns into day.
And what will you gain from all this?
If helping you lets me atone
for lying to Grandpa.
I'll be able to face him with pride.
Ms. Vimla.
You spent years hoping
your children would come back.
What's two days?
I wonder who jinxed our happy family.
I don't understand.
Everything was going smooth.
and suddenly this...
Let's perform a ritual. Brother.
The Mother Goddess
will set everything right.
Have some freshly brewed tea
from Mr. Sharma.
Enjoy pakora with tea.
Take it.
Jeevan
seeing you in Shimla after a long time.
Anything special?
- The wedding.
- Oh. great. Whose wedding?
His mom.
Mom?
- Mom's granddaughter.
- I see.
Our daughter. Kannu.
Excellent.
Where is the boy from?
- He's from places...
- Yeah.
He's from all over the country...
He's from the army.
So. he's a soldier.
Don't hesitate to tell me
if you need my help.
- Of course.
- Thanks.
Enjoy the tea.
Tony's in the army?
You never told me.
- Oh. God.
- Leave it. Baby.
Did we make a mistake
by not supporting Tony?
Let's forget Tony for a while.
We're stuck here because of him.
We'll find someone better
for Kannu. please.
Enjoy your pakora.
Ms. Vimla. did you always know
Kannu didn't want to marry me?
How would I know. son?
I found out the day you guys came here.
That's why I was trying to send you back.
so your time wouldn't go to waste.
Ms. Vimla. time spent in love
is never wasted.
Correct. Colonel.
Kannu is back in my life
which is nothing short of a miracle.
If God has sent her back.
He must have a plan.
How... long have you known Kannu?
Eight years four months...
and today's the seventh day.
- Social media?
- No. college.
- Medical student?
- Arts.
One-sided love.
I mean
even I have one-sided love.
Why?
Colonel. don't you love her?
- I'm talking about my children.
- I know.
Ma'am. please go inside.
I'll get the luggage.
What are you doing here?
Kannu. I know you don't like my face.
The thing is...
Now I'm a guest
of the one who owns this place.
So. whenever I come here.
you can turn your face around.
Problem solved.
Excuse me.
Mom...
Thank you.
Sorry. Mr. Reddy.
Last night.
dinner was ruined by those two.
Don't worry. Ms. Sunaina.
We'll have breakfast.
lunch and dinner in this house hereon.
and no one will ruin it.
- Who are you?
- Tony Kalra.
And whose luggage is this?
It belongs to the Captain.
He's going to stay here now.
Ms. Vimla.
where do I keep the luggage?
Keep it in Jeevan's room.
Why my room?
How can you give my room
to the Captain. Mom?
The entire place belongs to him now.
Mr. Reddy is practically family now.
What do you mean? So what?
If he's practically family.
then where am I going to stay. Mom?
You can move into the guest room.
I should move in the guest room
in my own house?
That makes me a guest in my own house.
You behave like a guest.
You came to Shimla after so many years.
I am not talking to you. Mr. Reddy.
I am talking to my mom.
Please don't interfere.
Mom. if you give my room to him.
then I... I...
Alright. fine. Don't get angry.
Go to your room.
Yes.
You can go to my room.
What?
So can I take the bag
to the room. right?
Just like that.
I'm taking the bag.
- Okay.
What are they talking about?
What language is this?
She is speaking Tamil.
When did she learn Tamil?
Love teaches you everything. sir.
But what are they saying?
She's just saying
that you will all leave soon
and he can stay in her room.
- An after-wedding arrangement.
- No. Absolutely not.
I'll move into the guest room.
You can stay in my room.
Romal. move the luggage to the guest room.
It's only for some time.
But why did Grandma
give him Uncle Jeevan's room?
So what if she did?
We don't come to Shimla anyway.
How is Tony related to me?
He isn't. he just seems odd to me.
He was supposed to be my brother-in-law.
but that didn't happen because
of grandma's wedding.
What is a brother-in-law?
A brother-in-law is a creature
who needs full-time attention.
otherwise he stresses everyone out.
And later this brother-in-law
becomes that uncle.
who only gets miffed at weddings.
Grandma. Did you bring Tony back?
You and your parents brought him here.
Please. Grandma.
You know he wants
to call off your wedding.
Even your parents want that.
but the only difference is
your parents are doing
it to save their face.
And Tony is doing it
for the sake of his love.
Anyway. you won't understand.
Tony. what are you doing?
It's pretty cold. ma'am.
Just getting some heat.
Romal asks. what are you doing. Tony?
You suddenly switched sides
to join Mom and the Captain.
I didn't switch sides.
just returning a favor.
- A favor?
- Yes. a favor.
They bailed me out of the police station.
The police had locked me up
for seven years.
- Yes. we know.
- How do you know?
We went to the police station
to bail you out.
that's where we found out.
Did you really go to the police station
to bail me out?
Of course. Do you think we woke up
early morning to have pakora?
Baby. leave it.
Tony. what is the plan?
The music ceremony is tomorrow.
Then the wedding follows.
And after sending them
on their honeymoon...
Hold on. Tony. What are you doing?
Are you not on our side at all?
No. Mr. Ahuja.
I am on your side.
- But I can't do what you want.
- Why?
Because their favor is weighing
heavily on my conscience.
You must've seen the tissue paper
under the paperweight.
It can flutter. but it can't escape.
That's me.
I feel for you.
but I can't go against them.
I just can't.
Tony needs more help than we do.
No. ma'am. It's the smoke.
You guys are going to need help.
Because your father
is demanding that everyone
be at breakfast by 9:00 a.m.
Including children.
9:00 a.m.. sharp. Army precision.
Brother.
Should we turn in?
Sit down.
Are you crazy?
- Are you afraid of him?
- No.
No need to be afraid of him.
This is our home.
not his military camp
where his orders are law.
See you. Mr. Ahuja.
Because I have to get up at eight.
I need an hour to get ready.
Where are you going. Tony?
Listen to me...
Please. I told you.
The tissue paper. Fluttering.
Don't bring me near the fire.
The smoke itself is suffocating me.
One step toward the fire.
and I'm history.
Good night.
Jai Hind.
Nine means...
Does he think we'll be there
if he tells us?
Let's see what he does.
Nine o'clock...
The call time has been announced.
Let's just go.
- Crazy guy. You've no reason to be afraid.
- Let's just go.
We're scared of no one.
He thinks he can get us there at nine.
I've faced such people fearlessly.
Trying to intimidate me in my own home.
Go fish.
Good morning.
I thought I was the first.
Bittu. can you sit over there?
Mom...
I showed up out of respect for you.
You know I don't sip water
without praying first.
let alone have breakfast.
Grandpa said
whether you have breakfast or not.
everyone has to be here every day at nine.
That's fine.
but where's the guy who called us?
I mean. the Captain.
I forgot to ask yesterday.
Your husband didn't come?
Actually. he was slightly busy.
so I thought I'd visit Mom.
Life in Singapore is pretty fast.
You must also be very busy.
Don't add sugar.
Vimla has tea with jaggery.
When was the last time you met Vimla?
I met her
two weeks before going to Malaysia.
Seven years. six months and 12 days ago.
When Avni was born.
You called Vimla
because you needed her. right?
Mr. Reddy. I don't have a problem
with you marrying my mom.
But please.
don't try to be my father. okay?
Bittu. sit over there.
- Tea?
- Yes.
Thank you.
Grandpa.
I couldn't sleep properly
all night last night.
Why did you wake us up so early?
Nights are for sleeping
and days for staying awake.
You're living your life the other way.
And also complaining about it.
Jeevan.
sit over there.
What do you mean?
Sit over there.
You sit over there.
Dad used to sit here.
And Dad's still going to sit there.
Mother-in-law
why aren't you saying anything?
Jeevan.
didn't you hear what Dad said?
Get up.
Come on.
Go.
Take this.
Good. All of you on time.
Lunch at two. dinner at seven.
Now. let's have breakfast.
Please.
Jeevan. since you're up.
go see who's at the door.
Go.
My acting is okay. right?
Oh. it's absolutely great!
Everyone is very angry.
No problem.
It's okay.
I am very happy.
What did they say?
I didn't understand a thing.
They are deciding
whether they will live here
or in Chennai after the wedding.
How do you know?
You don't know?
Kalra Sweets has a branch in Chennai.
Called Kalram Sweetsum on Anna Road.
So I know Tamil.
Good morning. Captain.
Hi. beautiful. Come. come. come.
Sit over there.
Thank you for having me.
- She is Tina.
- Hi Tina.
She's as good with the camera
as she's beautiful.
I'm sure.
Vimla.
she's here to click our wedding photos.
She is a very nice girl.
Captain. I have a small request.
My assistant missed the bus
and I need a little bit of help.
Okay. it will be done.
Tony is sitting idle.
He will help you out.
Yes. of course.
Helping people is what I do best.
Come on. I'll show you the location.
At least have breakfast.
I had it yesterday. you have it.
I really like your nature.
Come on. I'll show you the location.
- Please.
- Of course.
Tony. what are you doing?
Hey. pretty girl.
Why are you trying so hard?
I think you are forgetting.
No matter what you do.
your wish will never come true.
You see. Kannu.
life should be lived
according to needs.
not wishes.
Because needs are always fulfilled.
And even an emperor's wishes
remain unfulfilled.
Is it? And what about you?
In my case.
I'll consider myself an emperor.
Tony.
Hey. sweetheart.
Welcome in my heart.
Tina. where were you?
I looked all over for you.
You're looking the prettiest girl
in the party.
Let's click a picture... with you.
Looking so beautiful. mom.
Thank you.
Mom
are you angry with me?
How can I be angry with you?
You're here for only two days.
After that
you'll leave too.
and maybe me too.
Who knows whether we'll meet again.
Anyway...
Mr. Reddy is going through your papers.
I will sign them before you leave.
Where did you meet with Mr. Reddy?
You already know… if people are meant
for each other. they find their way.
You know very well.
How about you?
Are you doing okay?
Yes. all good.
How is Abhinav?
He's great.
I wish he could come...
Mom. I'll go check if Avni's ready or not.
I'll talk to you later.
Brother. The guests are arriving.
The ambiance is picking up.
Sit here. Sit down.
Arriving guests.
picking up ambiance...
Are you enjoying it?
You're peeking a lot.
Hello.
You guys are not ready yet.
The music ceremony begins soon.
No one invited us.
Ms. Vimla must have forgotten.
With all the people around.
it slips one's mind.
You can come as my guests.
Check this out. Naag.
We're now guests of our
own guests in our own home.
In fact. Tony. don't go anywhere.
Come sit here. and let's enjoy ourselves.
Yes. Tony.
You should support us
at a time like this. Sit down.
Even if I sit here. ma'am.
the wedding is still on.
Let me enjoy the snacks.
Even strangers are enjoying it.
In fact. come with me.
No.
Can I say something. Mr. Ahuja?
You are responsible for driving her away.
Because she thinks Mr. Reddy
loves her more than all of you.
You show resentment several times a day.
Ever shown her love?
Have you?
We are her children.
Why do we have to show her our love?
Mothers don't have any obligation.
But they still show their love.
But it's okay. I understand.
What are you eating?
Peanuts.
How about snacks? Fresh from the oven.
Who is handling the catering?
Kalra Sweets.
Tony...
If we don't handle
family weddings. who will?
You guys enjoy peanuts and Bhujia.
See you.
Brother.
Reddy the cheat is out there
holding hands with a gorgeous lady.
- What?
- Yes.
Whose hand is he holding?
Let me see.
Idiot.
That's Mom.
♪ Are you hiding a secret in your heart?
Why so quiet! ♪
♪ Better speak up now
It's the auspicious night ♪
♪ Take my advice
And don't stop your feet ♪
♪ Hey DJ. check this beat ♪
♪ My moves are priceless
You'll be spellbound ♪
♪ There's going to be some push
And shove. better watch out ♪
♪ Let the eyes do the talking
Hand in hand. slowly walking ♪
♪ Guys wait to do it with me ♪
♪ A Punjabi beat plays
The uncles dance in their seat ♪
♪ Aunt's calling you on the floor ♪
♪ Be a little flirtatious
And a little gentle ♪
♪ Don't be sentimental. I'll go mental ♪
♪ The bride let out a whistle.
And the vibe turned to fun ♪
♪ Her electric swag
Easily topped everyone ♪
♪ Watching you sway
Makes my heart lose control ♪
♪ Makes my heart lose control ♪
♪ These Desi moves on a Gen Z beat ♪
♪ Rock my soul ♪
♪ The glow on your face
The flow of your dress ♪
♪ Drives me crazy slowly slow ♪
♪ Be romantic. why are you being gentle! ♪
♪ Don't be sentimental. I'll go mental ♪
♪ Are you hiding a secret in your heart?
Why so quiet! ♪
♪ Better speak up now
It's the auspicious night ♪
♪ Take my advice.
And don't stop your feet ♪
♪ Hey DJ. check this beat ♪
♪ Are you hiding a secret in your heart?
Why so quiet! ♪
♪ Better speak up now
It's the auspicious night ♪
My head is exploding.
Mom.
Why do you drink so much?
I will punch you in the nose.
Sit down.
Nonsense...
A stupid question.
Dad.
I must speak with you urgently.
I don't want to speak now. dear. Go away.
- Dad. I...
- I said I don't want to talk.
Go away. my head's exploding.
I am already in a bad mood.
And she wants to speak urgently.
I understand you're in a bad mood.
That Reddy swooped away your mother.
- She's your mother too.
- The room and chair were yours.
He took that too.
And you were still dancing.
You were also dancing. Like a serpent.
I was dancing because
he took everything from us.
we could at least enjoy it.
Because joy and sorrows are
all we'll take to the afterlife.
There is nothing left that
Reddy can take from us.
Be gentle. Do you want to break it?
These items
what is going on here?
All these things are
lying around the house.
We're getting rid of it.
- Chennu.
- Yes.
- Go check that room too.
Go on. Check it.
These metal items are also here.
Tony
they are our school and college trophies.
Why throw them out?
Not throwing out.
Ma'am asked us
to get all the junk out.
The money will come in handy.
Mom...
This...
This is not junk. Mom.
What will I do with them. son?
We are going to start a new life.
So. we don't want these old memories.
My skates.
Dad got me these on my fourth birthday.
Let it go. son.
It's better to throw
some memories out of your life.
No. Mom.
These little clothes
are so cute. Ms. Vimla.
Whose are these?
The
sweater belongs to Jeevan
and the dress to Sunaina.
I see... so it's junk.
Don't call it junk.
This...
It's not junk. Tony.
It is junk.
Keep it down.
What is going on. Tony?
Sir. this captain
is a dangerous man.
There is no point in fighting.
Do surrender like I did.
Mom.
these are priceless for us.
Chennu. what's the total?
It's... seven thousand.
See... it's not that priceless.
Only seven thousand.
- And Chennu...
- Yes.
- Take that photo in front of you.
There is no need for it
when I'm around.
Wait!
This photo isn't going anywhere.
What are you doing. Mom?
Why don't you say something?
Chennu.
you may leave.
I'll talk to you later.
Sure.
Our silence is not permission for you
to do whatever you want. Mr. Reddy.
Legally. this house is still ours.
Us siblings have a right to it.
How are you barking orders here?
How?
Thank you for reminding me.
I'll give you the full breakdown.
Thirty years ago.
Vimla spent three million rupees each
on your upbringing.
education and weddings.
Adjusted for inflation.
and multiplied tenfold.
Vimla spent 30 million rupees per head.
Now. I'm coming to the time
you left Shimla.
Since then. the amount you've spent
on Vimla is as follows...
Jeevan gave 800.000 rupees.
Naag gave 500.000 rupees.
And Sunaina gave 400.000 rupees.
Multiply those by ten...
Jeevan's total is eight million rupees.
Naag's five million rupees.
and Sunaina's
four million rupees.
And your share in this
property is 20 million rupees each.
So technically. Jeevan
still owes two million rupees.
Naag owes five million rupees.
and Sunaina...
Six million rupees.
What is he saying?
That's not how it's done.
It is like this. son.
Just like you accounted
for everything at dinner.
I remember it all.
But Mom. we are your children.
You're asking us for accounts.
That's not all of it. son.
If Vimla adds the nine months
she carried all of you in her womb.
even seven lifetimes
won't be enough to repay her.
Hey. stop.
Seven thousand.
These items aren't going anywhere.
Mister
seven thousand is too low.
- What?
- Seventy thousand for them.
Don't fool with me.
- I will strangle you...
- What are you doing?
Move back. Have you lost your mind?
Who will pay you
seventy thousand for junk?
Even seven thousand is too much.
- Take this junk and leave.
- Hold on. Tony.
This is not junk.
These are our childhood memories.
Seventy thousand. Show me the QR code.
- Alright.
- Show me.
Here.
Brother Jeevan.
This is not right.
You are saying this?
Aren't you in favor of the wedding?
- You always say...
- Listen. Jeevan.
Learn to listen sometimes.
She is your sister.
At least listen to her.
I didn't know this man would
snatch everything from us.
We must stop this wedding at all cost.
Look
we can solve
our personal differences later.
But right now
we must unite to face Reddy.
Sunaina is right.
We must solve this problem together.
But how?
I have an idea.
What?
What? Your mom is getting married?
Yes. that's why we are here.
Look. I can stop
any marriage under 18.
But this wedding in seventies...
I told you. We're wasting our time.
Let's just go.
- And you are...
- Leave it.
Tell us how to stop
our mom's wedding.
This is a family matter. Why legal...
Wait a minute.
- Are you a lawyer?
- No.
Then keep quiet.
Don't worry.
I'll find a solution.
Yes. you've got it great.
The happiest person ever is a lawyer.
A win. accolades. A loss. an appeal.
I am no ordinary lawyer.
My IQ is 160.
Then take medicines.
It's BP. blood pressure. not IQ.
Why are we getting
in this legal matters. Mr. Ahuja?
You are Ms. Vimla's children.
You should talk to her.
- In fact. let's...
- Hold on.
When they have made up their mind.
what can we say?
- Are you Ms. Vimla's child?
- No.
Then keep quiet.
There's no harm in talking to her. Let's...
But we'll gain nothing
from talking to her. Tony.
Here's what we can do.
We can get a medical certificate
which will state that.
Ms. Vimla's mental state is unstable.
Then I can get a stay on it.
What is he saying. Mr. Ahuja?
Will we prove her mentally unstable?
Wait a second. Tony.
I think it's right.
Seems like a good idea.
Jeevan...
I think it's a wise solution.
Yes...
Alright.
Alright. sir.
Get the certificate made.
Hello. Colonel.
We have to meet urgently.
I'll come to Kala-Kavita Kunj.
Okay. Thank you.
- Mr. Ahuja.
- Yes.
Go ahead. I need to handle something.
Hello. Kannu.
You made my day by calling me.
Tony. actually you were right.
There is something really fishy going on.
I need your help.
I am near Kala-Kavita Kunj.
Come quickly. I'll tell you everything.
What? Adivishnu Reddy
is not Adivishnu Reddy?
The real Adivishnu Reddy
has a fractured leg.
He got discharged from the hospital today.
And this fake Adivishnu Reddy
brought him home.
Then who is the fake Reddy?
I don't know. but he's inside with him.
- What are they doing?
- How would I know that. Tony?
How did you find out everything else?
I got suspicious and followed him here.
Oh. wow.
When I saw you
in college for the first time.
I knew right away you were smart. Kannu.
Let's not talk about my smartness
and think how we can save my grandma
and expose this fraud.
I'll go take a look.
- I'll come too.
- No. Kannu. Not you.
It could be dangerous. He's a trained man.
Wait here.
If I don't come out safe
and sound in 15 minutes...
- I'll call the police.
- No. don't call them.
Go to New Zealand.
And tell Tina
I may not be able to meet her again.
Actually. when you said no.
she gave me a shoulder to cry on.
So... she was my backup plan.
But don't you leave.
Because in this case.
you are my backup plan. okay?
Tony...
I will go take a look.
- And no matter what...
- Got it.
- Don't come out.
- I won't.
- Hello! Who are you?
- Tony.
- Tony who?
- Tony Kalra.
- Who is Tony Kalra?
- Me. Tony Kalra.
- Who are you?
- Hello. Tony. Tell me.
They've crossed all limits.
- Who did?
- He is talking about Ms. Vimla's children.
What did they talk to the lawyer about?
They want to prove that
her mental state is not right.
To get a stay on the wedding.
Ms. Vimla will be heartbroken
if she finds out.
Isn't this a fake marriage?
So what if they do?
We're not talking about the wedding.
It's about Ms. Vimla.
She will be heartbroken.
Oh. Ms. Vimla.
- Captain.
- Sir.
You're barging in an ongoing war.
You don't know who the enemy is.
I'm sorry. sir.
It's better I remain C.
- What is C?
- I mean calm. quiet.
That reminds me. Kannu won't stay quiet.
- She is outside.
- Outside?
- Yes.
- Kannu is standing outside?
Call her inside.
Was his departure
a retirement or a dismissal?
Captain. Kannu is
Ms. Vimla's granddaughter.
I'm sorry. sir.
Kannu knows you are
not the real Reddy.
How did she know?
I don't know.
The entire family is like that.
They don't know
the things they should know.
And they know what they shouldn't know.
So. what now?
I think we should make our last move.
Alright. I'll talk to Ms. Shakti.
And I will gather the Ahuja family.
See you in the evening.
Jai Hind. Colonel.
He's not Reddy.
His real name is Theeran Devarajan.
- What?
- Yes.
Theeran Devarajan. And Ms. Vimla
is in big trouble. Kannu.
- What trouble?
- We'll find it out later.
First. call your dad.
uncle. and everyone else.
- Here?
- No. at Ms. Shakti Kapoor's house.
This is all your fault
and now it's become a problem for them.
We didn't tell her.
- She was doing it on her own.
- Yes.
We didn't insist her to go there.
No one forced her.
Is someone forcing her to get married?
No. son.
We are talking about the reason
behind Vimla's marriage.
Vimla
is gambling.
No.
marriage is not a gamble.
One gets a second chance in gambling.
What are you...
I am talking about real gambling.
Gambling. bets. cards.
- What?
- She has become addicted to gambling.
Because of these two.
Oh God!
No...
I can't believe Mom would gamble.
No way...
Could you believe your
mom would get married?
No...
But she is getting married.
So she can gamble too.
A lonely person can do anything.
And you guys weren't around to stop her.
And she got hooked on.
I even stopped going to Anand Cottage now.
Last time when I was there.
she woke me up at two in the night
and asked me to play cards.
At two o'clock. Yes.
As far as I know.
Mom doesn't know how to play cards.
That's why she lost.
She lost a lot of money.
She is under a lot of debt.
Will anyone ask whom she is indebted to?
Who is it?
Adivishnu Reddy.
But his name isn't Adivishnu Reddy.
It's Theeran Devarajan.
What?
Yes. Kannu is right.
We found that out together.
I doubted that man from the beginning.
I didn't like that man from day one.
You are right. Jeevan.
This Theeran is a cunning
and villainous man.
He's called Charles Sobhraj in the South.
In fact. he pulled off such
a scam in Pondicherry...
What scam?
There was a woman who lived alone...
Ms. Shakti. come to the point.
Talk about Ms. Vimla.
Oh yes.
This Theeran Devarajan
set up a gambling trap
and pushed Vimla into deep debt.
And to repay that debt.
she is marrying him.
You mean... love in exchange for debt.
She doesn't love him.
She is helpless.
But why did he meet grandma
under a different name?
Wait a minute.
So that if anyone files
a case against him.
it will be against his fake name
and he won't get caught.
Exactly.
Mr. Naag. you are a genius.
Don't waste any more time.
Let's hurry up and save your mother.
Save her.
Mother-in-law. you gamble?
Why are you quiet? Tell us.
I was all alone.
I had nothing to do.
So I gambled to while away time.
You didn't tell us.
You never asked. dear.
We never asked
about your wedding either. ma'am.
But you announced it on Facelook.
You could have announced this too.
"Staying alone. gambling. feeling happy".
If you wanted to play games.
you could have played carom.
But it needs four players.
You weren't exactly gambling alone.
How much money did you gamble
away using loneliness as an excuse?
We want to know.
What's the point. son?
We'll pay it back.
You make mistakes. Mom.
and we keep fixing it.
Tell us how much you owe.
One hundred seventy-two million
and two hundred thousand rupees.
- What? How much?
- How much?
One hundred seventy-two million
and two hundred thousand rupees.
- What!
- One hundred seventy million rupees!
Isn't it too much?
We asked how much she owed.
not the whole town.
I am talking about Vimla's debt alone.
How can anyone lose
170 million playing cards?
No. son.
It's not just cards...
Vimla has been betting on cricket.
hockey. football. online. offline.
But you lost 170 million?
No. son.
She only lost five million rupees.
But she kept playing
to recover those five million rupees.
and kept losing.
Get your checkbook and pay him. Mr. Ahuja.
Save your mother
from the clutches of this demon.
Why would I pay? I am not paying.
- 170 million don't grow on trees.
- He's right.
We earned this money through
hard work and God's blessings.
We won't spend it like this.
It's for our children.
Right. Mr. Theeran Devarajan?
Oh. so you found out.
Yes.
And soon. you'll face
the consequences
of robbery under a false alias.
And you know. Grandma.
his real name isn't Adivishnu Reddy.
it's Theeran Devarajan.
Yes.
- I know.
- What?
But you did deceive her
and trap her in your gambling scheme.
And it's illegal.
You will get caught. Theeran Devarajan.
I never play a losing battle. Sunaina.
I have a doctor's certificate
which states
that Vimla's mental state
is absolutely fine.
And she took a loan
of 172.2 million rupees from me.
Mr. Jeevan. Mr. Naag. ask your lawyer
not to make any certificate.
You'll get in trouble.
You'll have to endure beating at this age.
Look
you can't treat our mother like this.
Is it?
Do you want to see what I can do?
Vimla.
Clean it up
and make a drink for me.
Mr. Theeran Devarajan!
You can't be crossing your line.
Don't interfere for your own good.
Why won't she interfere?
She will interrupt.
You cannot stand in our house
and talk like that.
Understood?
Keep it down.
This is my house now.
and only I will raise my voice.
I want all of you to leave.
Leave this house right now.
- Mom…
- What?
Why aren't you saying anything?
What is she going to say?
She needs help herself.
Out!
All of you get out!
Mr. Ahuja. the weather is getting bad.
It's not safe to drive at night.
Why don't we stay in a hotel tonight?
Why hotel?
Stay at my house tonight.
No. ma'am. it doesn't seem right.
It's alright. son.
It's only for tonight.
It's alright. sir. Let's stay.
It's not safe to travel at night.
Ms. Vimla.
Are you alright?
Yes.
I am alright now.
But I caused a lot
of trouble to everyone.
Enough is enough.
I am tired now.
Mr. Theeran.
you have supported me a lot.
I want one last help.
Tell me.
Will you drop me
at Mashobra tomorrow morning?
There is a very nice
old age home out there.
I will move there.
But why?
If I stay in this house.
I'll keep expecting someone
to knock on the door.
I don't want any expectations.
Ms. Shakti. why do you
live in an orphanage?
This is our home. son.
Actually. I don't have children
and these kids don't have any parents.
We have accepted each other.
I got kids
and these kids got a mother.
Come on. children. Let's eat.
It's not too late.
Let's think again.
If we don't take a decision today
you won't get a chance to regret.
We've been regretting for a week. Tony.
I pray no one gets a mother like her.
Mom didn't even think
once about her children.
But we'll have to think
about our kids. Tony.
Alright. sir.
Whatever you feel is right.
We're going back
to Delhi tomorrow morning.
Not us. Dad.
You are going.
I am not going anywhere.
And you don't have to do anything for us.
Actually. I don't want anything from you.
I'll stay here with Ms. Shakti.
Staying with you will make me like you.
And I love my mom.
I was better off in virtual reality. Dad.
Because reality is too harsh.
She's your mom.
you should think about her first.
And you are leaving her.
What if I do the same?
Bobby.
you're crossing the line.
He is right.
Leave it. Baby.
You leave it. Naag.
A woman who became
a mother at the age of 16
and spent the rest of her life
raising her children...
If you leave her in distress.
even Mother Goddess won't forgive you.
Come. Bobby.
Let's go.
Mom.
even I am not going.
I am staying with Brother Bittu.
Avni.
You leave me alone at home
and go to the office.
I stay alone at home.
But there's an entire family here. Mom.
Come. Brother Bittu.
Let's go. Avni.
Dad
if you think leaving grandma alone
in distress is right.
then I am also right.
Let me break this to you.
I've also been planning
to go to New Zealand.
Permanently.
- What did you say. Kannu?
- Kannu.
Yes.
And if I had any guilt about it.
it's over now because of you.
Jeevan...
I've always only complained
to you for everything.
I never supported you.
Forgive me if you can.
Maybe
while thinking about ourselves.
we never realized that.
to be good parents
we have to be good children first.
Rest you know better.
♪ If you ♪
♪ Could come back ♪
♪ From somewhere ♪
♪ Me ♪
♪ You and me ♪
♪ Why can't we be the way we were? ♪
♪ What did we lose? ♪
♪ What was missing? ♪
♪ Why are we ♪
♪ Not together? ♪
♪ It lingered on my lips ♪
♪ Everything I longed to say ♪
♪ But ♪
♪ I couldn't say it ♪
♪ Why complain to those ♪
♪ Who are no longer ours? ♪
♪ Maybe someday ♪
♪ We'll meet again ♪
♪ The selfishness ♪
♪ That pulled us apart ♪
♪ Changed us ♪
♪ Changed who we were ♪
♪ If you ♪
♪ Could come back ♪
♪ From somewhere ♪
♪ Every time ♪
♪ I revisit the past ♪
♪ It reminds me ♪
♪ Why we fell apart ♪
♪ If you ♪
♪ Could come back ♪
♪ From somewhere ♪
Uncle. I sent
three hundred thousand from my savings.
- Let me check.
- Got it?
Yes.
What's the total now?
The total is 58 million rupees.
Fifty-eight million rupees.
Listen.
There's that land you bought in Ambala.
You paid 70 million for it.
You have it too.
There is no such land.
What do you mean?
You called up on Diwali
and told me about the land.
I was with Bhalla
and was down a few drinks.
I was boasting.
You called and I boasted to you as well.
I'll slap you...
Boasting...
Idiot.
My house must be worth 80 million.
- And your apartment?
- Worth 30 million.
You don't have to sell your homes.
We'll arrange for the difference.
I'll do it.
No. Tony. you are our son-in-law.
We can't take money from you.
I am no longer your son-in-law.
It's okay. We'll arrange for it somehow.
Tony. we won't take it from you.
Then borrow from your friends.
How about Mr. Sethi who was
guzzling down booze
at our engagement?
You can ask him.
You have a huge social circle.
Tony. the illusion of our
social circle has been shattered today.
Everyone is the same.
Even his best friend Rohit
he has blocked him.
- Let it be.
- Brother...
I have jewelry.
You should keep it. please.
Didn't...
Mom give these on your wedding?
Yes.
it will come in handy for Mom now.
Jeevan. Naag. Hurry up.
Or you'll never see Vimla again.
- What?
- What now?
Theeran is taking her someplace forever.
- What? Taking her?
- Hurry up.
Come on. He's taking our mom.
Hurry up. Come on.
How will we all fit in one car?
Tony. It's Tony.
Is it? Where?
Mr. Ahuja. take them in the car.
The kids and I will take a taxi.
Tony!
Grandpa. How come you're here?
All of a sudden.
- Bless you.
- You should have called me.
A call can't cover everything.
Some things must be said in person.
But what are you doing?
Jaggu said you were at Anand Cottage.
Greetings. sir.
Mr. Jeevan. I apologize for the other day.
Actually. your guests
were saying a lot of things.
It made me angry.
Later on I realized that I
just want my grandson's happiness.
Whether your mother
marries once or four times.
it doesn't concern me.
Greetings. sir.
Let's hurry up. we can discuss this later.
What's the hurry?
We'll tell you on the way.
Let's get going.
Where to?
- Just give him...
- The keys. I'll drive.
- He knows the way.
- Yes. I do.
- But what happened? Tell me.
- Come on. Hurry up.
What is wrong?
I'll tell you. Grandpa.
Well. let me tell you.
The Kalra family is with you.
But don't you worry.
We'll give them a grand.
spectacular welcome.
We are not welcoming anyone. sir.
Why not?
We're the bride's side.
Welcoming the guests is our duty.
No. we want to stop this wedding.
Who are you?
I am Baby.
Whose baby?
Her name is Baby.
She is Kannu's aunt.
We didn't see you
at the engagement. Ms. Baby.
We weren't invited.
Driver. drive the bus properly.
Sir. he's not the driver. he's my husband.
Then who is Ms. Vimla's husband?
He passed away.
Late Mr. Anand Ahuja.
What? Did he pass away before the wedding?
He passed away 35 years ago.
So... who is your mom marrying now?
Adivishnu Reddy.
No. Theeran Devarajan.
Is she having multiple weddings?
It's one person with two names. Grandpa.
He's not the right man.
He's a goon.
Why are you getting her married to a goon?
Not at all. we want to stop this wedding.
Who are you?
I am Sunaina.
Jeevan and Naag's younger sister.
Who is your father. dear?
The same person.
Didn't you give
your number to your brothers?
No. she did give me her number.
but I mistakenly deleted it.
It's not her fault.
Well. if your mom is in love.
it doesn't matter if he is
a goon or a thug.
My life has taught me that everyone
changes for the better after marriage.
Sir... it's not about love anymore.
It's about debt.
That man got mom
hooked on to gambling
and put her under a debt
of 170 million rupees.
One hundred seventy million
in gambling debts? Isn't it too much?
She lost only 500.000 rupees.
But she kept playing to recover it
and kept losing.
So we must stop the wedding.
Who are you?
I am Vimla's best friend Shakti Kapoor.
What kind of friend are you?
Didn't you stop Ms. Vimla from gambling?
I tried stopping her several times.
But that Theeran threatened
to get me hooked to gambling as well.
I got scared.
You no more have to be.
You are under the protection
of Ponty Kalra.
Ponty Kalra who?
Me. Myself. Ponty Kalra.
This is our family now.
Ponty Kalra.
Such a big family!
Yes. that's why it's
called an extended family.
Why isn't our family together?
Sir. forgive us.
We cannot be one family.
Kannu doesn't want to marry Tony.
She wants to go to New Zealand
to shape her future.
If Kannu doesn't want to marry.
what are we doing here?
Grandpa. we are going to Anand Cottage.
- Why?
- To stop our mom.
- Where is she going?
- To Chennai.
Is it about her career?
No. Grandpa.
Kannu wants her career.
- What does Ms. Vimla want?
- She wants no such thing.
She will marry and leave.
Every bride leaves after getting married.
But we don't want her to leave.
- Why are you letting her marry?
- We want to stop it.
You want to go to Chennai.
so you want to stop your wedding.
No. Kannu's grandma
wants to go to Chennai.
- And Kannu to New Zealand.
- Who are we stopping?
Kannu's grandma.
I am totally confused. Not sure
whom to stop. whom not to stop.
Why did you stop?
We are at Anand Cottage.
I'll explain later.
Let's stop Ms. Vimla first. Come on.
Are you guys still in Shimla?
I thought you must have returned
to your homes.
We are not going anywhere
and we won't let our mom
go anywhere. got it?
Who are you to stop us?
I will do as I please.
We have brought your money.
Take it and leave quietly.
No need for that.
Here are the property deeds.
It will come in handy
for Avni's custody case.
I spoke to Abhinav two days ago
and found out
that you have been living
apart for eight months.
I thought you were all happy
in your lives.
that's why you don't miss your mother.
But I was thinking like a child.
I forgot
that you have all grown up.
You guys don't even need your mother.
Anyway. everything
has been sorted out now.
Now there won't be any
problems in Naag's spiritual life.
Sunaina's personal life
and Jeevan's social life.
If anyone asks where your mother is
and what she is doing.
tell them that your mother is dead!
Don't leave us. Mom. Please.
Mom.
Mom. please.
We made a mistake. A huge mistake.
Mom. we made a big mistake.
Don't leave us. Mom.
- Don't leave us. Mom.
- Please.
Don't leave us.
Mom. please.
Mr. Theeran. take everything
from us but leave our mother.
- Please. Mom. Don't go.
- Please.
Stop it. Stop it.
I am not going anywhere.
The debts. the gambling. marriage
it was all a lie.
Forgive me. children. Forgive me.
What do you mean a lie?
Grandma is getting married!
Is this the age to get married?
Grandma
are you getting married?
Yes. I am getting married.
Fine. they misunderstood.
But why didn't you correct it?
I'm a mother after all.
So yes. I got selfish.
And I lied.
Mom
who are you marrying?
Tell them the name of your groom.
Captain Adivishnu Reddy.
What are you doing. Mom?
Don't you care what people will say?
I don't know what's happening
to relationships these days.
Not to relationships
just to blood ties.
Mom.
you could have told us directly.
We never understand anything easily.
If we could understand things easily.
the world would become a beautiful place.
No parent would have
to live alone in the world.
You should move ahead in life.
but also look back once in a while.
To check if something is left behind.
Because most of the time.
relationships get left behind.
Tony
you knew from the beginning?
I didn't know everything. Kannu.
No one knows everything.
We all learn something from somewhere.
I learned after coming here
that the joy of children means
the world to the parents.
Look
my family's here too.
For my happiness.
Earning money. shaping your career
it's all good.
There is nothing wrong
with thinking of yourself.
But
do you know when things go wrong?
When we forget our kin
while thinking about ourselves.
And when we start missing them.
we realize...
We can only miss them now.
because they are gone.
But I'm really glad
to see all of you together.
There is only one thing lacking
in my family.
My grandma passed away.
So when I saw you.
I thought my grandma was back.
I'll keep visiting you.
for paratha made by you.
Pack some for the road.
And
if I've made a mistake. please forgive me.
And thank you so much. Mr. Reddy.
Sorry.
Mr. Theeran Devarajan.
Thanks for everything.
Jai Hind.
See you.
Shall we go. Grandpa?
Tell me. son.
Did you really see
your grandma in Ms. Vimla?
Did you see her too?
What are you saying?
Tony Kalra.
you cannot leave like this.
But this is how we always leave. Kannu.
Do you ever understand anything serious?
What is that?
The thing I am going
to tell you right now.
Tony Kalra!
Will you marry me?
Wow!
Kannu. I
can't wait for two years.
I'll get married in two days.
I can't leave my family
and go to New Zealand.
I will move in with your entire family.
I am not a good guy.
I lied to you twice.
What did you lie to me about?
First. Tina...
I know. She isn't your backup plan.
What is the other lie?
I am scared. Kannu. It might shatter you.
Tony...
The second lie is...
There's
no Kalra Sweets outlet in Chennai.
So we'll open
small outlets in Chennai as well.
That's fine. Kannu. but...
Tony. say yes.
Please say yes. or you'll remain
a bachelor all your life. Please.
Alright. Grandpa.
If you insist...
♪ Sweetheart says ♪
♪ Welcome to my heart ♪
♪ Take some sweet love ♪
♪ Sweetheart says ♪
♪ Welcome to my heart ♪
♪ Take some sweet love ♪
♪ Sweetheart says ♪
♪ Let's fall in love ♪
♪ Please stay in my heart ♪
♪ Let's play the game of love ♪
♪ Let's get romantic ♪
♪ Let our love be like a shining star ♪
♪ Let's measure the love's pressure ♪
♪ The story of Laila-Majnu
Seems faded compared to us ♪
♪ Eating love. drinking love ♪
♪ Love is all I know. I come
From a line of crazy ancestral lovers ♪
♪ Our love ♪
♪ Is next level ♪
♪ The connection between you and me ♪
♪ Is pretty unconventional ♪
♪ We are a hot topic in the lane of love ♪
♪ Sweetheart says ♪
♪ Welcome to my heart ♪
♪ Take some sweet love ♪
♪ Sweetheart says ♪
♪ Let's fall in love ♪
♪ Please stay in my heart ♪
♪ Let's play the game of love ♪
♪ Let's get romantic ♪
♪ Let our love be like a shining star ♪
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm